Document SDS for ingress gateways (#11164)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/ingress-gateway.mdx

          type: 'bool: false',
          description: {
            hcl:
              "Set this configuration to enable built-in TLS for every listener on the gateway.<br><br>If TLS is enabled, then each host defined in each service's `Hosts` fields will be added as a DNSSAN to the gateway's x509 certificate.",
            yaml:
              "Set this configuration to enable built-in TLS for every listener on the gateway.<br><br>If TLS is enabled, then each host defined in each service's `hosts` fields will be added as a DNSSAN to the gateway's x509 certificate.",
          },
        },
        {
          name: 'SDS',
          yaml: false,
          type: 'SDSConfig: <optional>',

>           description: "Configures the gateway to load TLS certificates from an external SDS service. See [SDS](/docs/connect/gateways/ingress-gateway#sds) for more details on usage.<br><br>SDS properties set here will be used as defaults for all listeners on the gateway.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: "Defines a set of parameters that configures the gateway to load TLS certificates from an external SDS service. See [SDS](/docs/connect/gateways/ingress-gateway#sds) for more details on usage.<br><br>SDS properties defined in this field are used as defaults for all listeners on the gateway.",
```
I think our docs could use more info about the type of values each config takes as well as their default values.

          children: [
            {
              name: 'ClusterName',
              type: 'string',

>               description: "The SDS cluster name to connect to to retrieve certificates. This cluster must be [specified in the Gateway's bootstrap configuration](/docs/connect/gateways/ingress-gateway#sds).",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: "Specifies the name of the SDS cluster from which Consul should retrieve certificates. This cluster must be [specified in the Gateway's bootstrap configuration](/docs/connect/gateways/ingress-gateway#sds).",
```

            },
            {
              name: 'CertResource',
              type: 'string',

>               description: "The SDS resource name to request when fetching the certificate from the SDS service. Setting this causes all listeners to be served exclusively over TLS with this certificate unless overridden by listener-specific TLS configuration.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: "Specifies an SDS resource name. Consul will request the SDS resource name when fetching the certificate from the SDS service. Setting this causes all listeners to be served exclusively over TLS with this certificate unless overridden by listener-specific TLS configuration.",
```

              that will be applied to responses from this service.
              This cannot be used with a \`tcp\` listener.`,
            },
            {
          name: 'TLS',
          yaml: false,
          type: 'ServiceTLSConfig: <optional>',
          description: 'TLS configuration for this service.',
          children: [
            {
              name: 'SDS',
              type: 'SDSConfig: <optional>',

>               description: `Configures the SDS source for the certificate for this specific service.

Reviewer: Similar suggestion as line 822

Author: ```suggestion
              description: `Defines a set of parameters that configures the SDS source for the certificate for this specific service.
```

                  At least one custom host must be specified in \`Hosts\`.

>                   This certificate will be served to all requests identifying one of the

Author: ```suggestion
                  The certificate retrieved from SDS will be served for all requests identifying one of the
```

                  \`Hosts\` values in the TLS Server Name Indication (SNI) header.`,
              children: [
                {
                  name: 'ClusterName',
                  type: 'string',
                  description: "The SDS cluster name to connect to to retrieve certificates. This cluster must be [specified in the Gateway's bootstrap configuration](/docs/connect/gateways/ingress-gateway#sds).",
                },
                {
                  name: 'CertResource',
                  type: 'string',
                  description: "The SDS resource name to request when fetching the certificate from the SDS service.",
                },
              ],
            },
          ],
        },
          ],
        },
        {
          name: 'TLS',
          yaml: false,
          type: 'TLSConfig: <optional>',
          description: 'TLS configuration for this listener.',
          children: [
            {
              name: 'Enabled',
              type: 'bool: false',
              description: {
                hcl:

>                   "Set this configuration to enable built-in TLS for this listener.<br><br>If TLS is enabled, then each host defined in each service's `Hosts` field will be added as a DNSSAN to the gateway's x509 certificate. Note that even hosts from other listeners with TLS disabled will be added.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  "Set this configuration to `true` to enable built-in TLS for this listener.<br><br>If TLS is enabled, then each host defined in each service's `Hosts` field will be added as a DNSSAN to the gateway's x509 certificate. Note that even hosts from other listeners with TLS disabled will be added.",
```

                yaml:

>                   "Set this configuration to enable built-in TLS for this listener.<br><br>If TLS is enabled, then each host defined in the `hosta` field will be added as a DNSSAN to the gateway's x509 certificate. Note that even hosts from other listeners with TLS disabled will be added.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  "Set this configuration to `true` to enable built-in TLS for this listener.<br><br>If TLS is enabled, then each host defined in the `hosts` field will be added as a DNSSAN to the gateway's x509 certificate. Note that even hosts from other listeners with TLS disabled will be added.",
```

              },
            },
            {
              name: 'SDS',
              type: 'SDSConfig: <optional>',

>               description: "Configures the listener to load TLS certificates from an external SDS service. See [SDS](/docs/connect/gateways/ ingress-gateway#sds) for more details on usage.<br><br>SDS properties set here will be used as defaults for all services on this listener.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: "Defines a set of parameters that configures the listener to load TLS certificates from an external SDS service. See [SDS](/docs/connect/gateways/ingress-gateway#sds) for more details on usage.<br><br>SDS properties set here will be used as defaults for all services on this listener.",
```
